in 2010 scientists discovered that the
plant gets its nitrogen in a quite
different way and we couldn't resist
going back to see if we could find out
what the truth was
Mount Kinabalu and Saba is home to many
Roger pitcher plants they certainly
seemed to attract insects that fall into
their bowls just as other pitchers do
but they also have larger visitors a
tree shrew
it's licking the unless I bring a wedge
with where the pitcher secretes nectar
with which it lowers visitors but even
though its backside is hanging over the
bowl it doesn't seem to be in any danger
of falling in and drowning so what's
going on it leaves a clues a dropping so
the pitcher is a tree shrew toilet the
tree shrew feeds by licking the
secretions from the Peter Pan's lid and
the pitcher plant gets its fertilizer by
collecting the tree shoes dropping